so before you let your child play
well find out how old this helmet is if
in fact the school has accurate record
keeping ask about the helmet refurbisher
are they a reputable firm that actually
dropped tests headgear or just another
good old boy garage operation of rattle
cans of Lysol and paint if you're not
absolutely sure of the condition of the
helmet buy a new one the ones the pros
play with on Sunday are less than 200
bucks and you might want to carefully
consider whether you even want your kid
to wear a helmet made by a company that
does not require its head gear to be
retired after a specific period of time
I have to believe that we're riedel
tells me about the plastic compounds and
I can't believe the shut helmets aren't
different that they both need to be
scrapped or their useful life has ended
after 10 years if the school doesn't
have a certified athletic trainer asked
about their concussion management and
prevention program if they don't have
one you might want to transfer your
athlete to a different school football
is a violent sport even coaches and
others involved with the game agree
football by its very nature of violence
poor people are running at each other a
full speed and colliding nice yes by
Eric gossip and the reason why we
protect the heresies for obvious reasons
it's a dangerous game and as I have
found out one without adequate standards
or oversight happen what happened yeah
you were hurt in a football game what
yeah yeah oh my god
you